# AMPLITUDE CLASSIFIER

The amplitude classifier takes an input signal at JI 1 and separates into 8 contiguous regions varying from black to white. The value put out by each region is controlled by R1 through R8 and by the signals inputted to JI 1 through JI 8. The output signals are available for each region separately, JO 1 through JO 8. The sum of these signals is available at JO 21 through JO 24. The effect of JI 1, JI 2, R2, etc., is additive in each region. R11 controls the gain of the signal inputted at JI 11, and R14 generates a bias (constant gray level proportional to knob position) which is added to the input signal. In general, R11 and R14 are used to match the incoming signal to the lightest, or 'top' and 'darkest' or 'bottom' of the 8 regions.

# TEST INFORMATION

These tests are best performed with a 1 volt, peak to peak triangle wave inputted to JI 11, and a calibrated dual trace oscilloscope connected to the input and output of the amplitude classifier. R13 is adjusted so that a +0.4V signal activated channel 1 (top). R11 should be full clockwise and R14 should be at the exact center of rotation. R12 and R13 interact greatly, so repeat adjustments until both conditions can be met simultaneously. R16 should be adjusted so that with R1 through R8 in their centers the individual output are near 0V when not activated. R15 should be adjusted so the summed output appearing at JO 21 through JO 24 is 0V for the non-activated channels.

# BASIC CIRCUIT DESCRIPTION AND TEST INFORMATION--AMPLITUDE CLASSIFIER
A signal at JI 11 is sent to all comparators. The resistor string of 100 OHM resistors combined with voltage sources at R13 and R12 bias so that IC 1 switches on at a higher (+) voltage than IC 2, IC 2 switches on at a higher voltage than IC 3, etc. For example; with 0V at JI 11, IC 5, 6, 7 might be on and IC 1, 2, 3, 4 would be off. The transistors connected to the outputs of the comparators decode the comparator string output such that only the highest comparator on is outputted. IN this example, channel 5 would be on, all others off. This signal is sent to the multiplier associated with channel 5, turning it on. All other multipliers would be off.
